Docs and Release Notes for 2.8 (#505)
enonic/cli-enonic: docs/dev.adoc

[[sandbox-command]]
== Sandbox

> Developers can use the CLI to run one or several instances of XP locally. These instances are called sandboxes.

Reviewer: I believe only one can be running at a time

> Developers can use the CLI to run one or several instances of XP locally. These instances are called sandboxes.

Author: ```suggestion
Developers can use the CLI to work with one or several instances of XP locally. These instances are called sandboxes.
```
